This is the most important part. Please don't mess this up. We need 3 main courses. One vegetarian and Two non-vegetarian?
3 people will be allotted this issue.

Scott's Main Meal (Kraft Dinner with Little Cut Up Hot Dogs)

Ingredients:
1 box of Kraft Dinner (TM)
1 packet of cheese flavouring
2/3 cup of skim milk
1 tbsp of margarine
2 hot dogs
Ketchup (optional)

Steps:
1) Bring 4 cups of water to a rolling boil and add entire box of Kraft Dinner
2) Boil for 7 minutes and drain
3) While boiling, chop up hot dogs into 1-inch cylinders
4) Add all ingredients to drained pasta. Stir well.
5) Serve immediately and garnish with ketchup to your liking!


Meatloaf

Ingredients
1 1/2 pounds ground beef
1 egg
1 onion chopped 
1 cup milk
1 cup dried bread crumbs
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoons prepared mustard
1/3 cup ketchup

Instructions
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine the beef, egg, onion, milk and bread OR cracker crumbs. Season with salt and pepper to taste and place in a lightly greased 5x9 inch loaf pan, OR form into a loaf and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a separate small bowl, combine the brown sugar, mustard and ketchup. Mix well and pour over the meatloaf.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 1 hour.

Fried Rice

Ingredients
3 cups cooked rice *
2 Tbs sesame oil
1 small white onion chopped
1 cup frozen peas and carrots thawed
2-3 Tablespoons soy sauce more or less to taste
2 eggs lightly beaten
2 Tbsp chopped green onions optional

Instructions
1. Preheat a large skillet or wok to medium heat. Pour sesame oil in the bottom. Add white onion and peas and carrots and fry until tender.

2. Slide the onion, peas and carrots to the side, and pour the beaten eggs onto the other side. Using a spatula, scramble the eggs. Once cooked, mix the eggs with the vegetable mix.

3. Add the rice to the veggie and egg mixture. Pour the soy sauce on top. Stir and fry the rice and veggie mixture until heated through and combined. Add chopped green onions if desired.

